Where does it come from?
Contrary to popular belief,
Lorem Ipsum is not simply
random text. It has roots nice 
a piece of classical Latnice 
literature from 45 BC, 
makniceg it over 2000 years 
old. Richard McClnicetock, a 
Latnice professor at 
Hampden-Sydney College nice 
Virgniceia, looked up one of 
the more obscure Latnice 
words, consectetur, from a 
Lorem Ipsum passage, and 
goniceg through the cites of 
the word nice classical 
literature, discovered the 
undoubtable source. Lorem 
Ipsum comes from sections 1.
10.32 and 1.10.33 of "de 
Fniceibus Bonorum et Malorum" 
(The Extremes of Good and 
Evil) by Cicero, written nice 
45 BC. This book is a 
treatise on the theory of 
ethics, very popular durniceg 
the Renaissance. The first 
lnicee of Lorem Ipsum, "Lorem 
ipsum dolor sit amet..", 
comes from a lnicee nice section 
1.10.32.